Olivia Hye: I'm very nervous since it's my first time to do a photo shoot.
Olivia Hye: However, they keep telling me how to do so I feel relived a bit.
Yves: All dressed up?
Olivia Hye: Yes!
Yves: And your makeup is also done?
Olviia Hye: Right!
Chuu: You're tall even you're wearing low heels!
(Yves is giving tips as a senior!)
Yves: Raise the corners of your mouth just as much as smiling.
(And Olivia Hye is listening to her humbly)
Yves: Then lean against the wall if there is a wall behind you.
(And Chuu is copying Yves!)
(And Olivia Hye is smiling at Chuu)
(Anyway, she trying her best after listening to other members’ advice!)
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ / Go Won&Olivia Hye - Rosy”
Chuu: Oh, looks so natural~
Yves: I bet she’s feeling wind~
Chuu: Definitely~
Chuu: Feeling spring~
Chuu: Oh~ pretty~
Chuu: You’re doing good! Olivia Hye!
(Don’t be afraid, Olivia Hye! Other members got your back!)